thus says the Lord where is the
thus says the Lord where is the certificate of your mother's divorce
certificate of your mother's divorce
certificate of your mother's divorce whom I have put away of which of my
whom I have put away of which of my
whom I have put away of which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you
creditors is it to whom I have sold you
creditors is it to whom I have sold you for your iniquities you have sold
for your iniquities you have sold
for your iniquities you have sold yourselves and for your transgressions
yourselves and for your transgressions
yourselves and for your transgressions your mother has been put away why when I
your mother has been put away why when I
your mother has been put away why when I came was there no man why when I called
came was there no man why when I called
came was there no man why when I called was there none to answer is my hand
was there none to answer is my hand
was there none to answer is my hand shortened at all that it cannot redeem
shortened at all that it cannot redeem
shortened at all that it cannot redeem or have I no power to deliver indeed
or have I no power to deliver indeed
or have I no power to deliver indeed with my rebuke I dry up the sea I make
with my rebuke I dry up the sea I make
with my rebuke I dry up the sea I make the rivers of wilderness their fish
the rivers of wilderness their fish
the rivers of wilderness their fish stink because there is no water and die
stink because there is no water and die
stink because there is no water and die of thirst i clothe the heavens with
of thirst i clothe the heavens with
of thirst i clothe the heavens with blackness and I make sackcloth
blackness and I make sackcloth
blackness and I make sackcloth their covering
the Lord God has given me the tongue of
the Lord God has given me the tongue of the learnand that I should know how to
the learnand that I should know how to
the learnand that I should know how to speak a word in season to him who is
speak a word in season to him who is
speak a word in season to him who is weary he awakens me morning by morning
weary he awakens me morning by morning
weary he awakens me morning by morning he awakens my ear to hear as the learned
he awakens my ear to hear as the learned
he awakens my ear to hear as the learned the Lord God has opened my ear and I was
the Lord God has opened my ear and I was
the Lord God has opened my ear and I was not rebellious nor did I turn away I
not rebellious nor did I turn away I
not rebellious nor did I turn away I gave my back to those who struck me and
gave my back to those who struck me and
gave my back to those who struck me and my cheeks to those who plucked out the
my cheeks to those who plucked out the
my cheeks to those who plucked out the beard I did not hide my face from shame
beard I did not hide my face from shame
beard I did not hide my face from shame and spitting for the Lord God will help
and spitting for the Lord God will help
and spitting for the Lord God will help me therefore I will not be disgraced
me therefore I will not be disgraced
me therefore I will not be disgraced therefore I have set my face like a
therefore I have set my face like a
therefore I have set my face like a flint and I know that I will not be
flint and I know that I will not be
flint and I know that I will not be ashamed he is near who justifies me who
ashamed he is near who justifies me who
ashamed he is near who justifies me who will contend with me let us stand
will contend with me let us stand
will contend with me let us stand together who is my adversary let him
together who is my adversary let him
together who is my adversary let him come near me surely the Lord God will
come near me surely the Lord God will
come near me surely the Lord God will help me who is he who will condemn me
help me who is he who will condemn me
help me who is he who will condemn me indeed they will all grow old like a
indeed they will all grow old like a
indeed they will all grow old like a garment the moth will eat them up who
garment the moth will eat them up who
garment the moth will eat them up who among you fears the Lord who obeys the
among you fears the Lord who obeys the
among you fears the Lord who obeys the voice of his servant who walks in
voice of his servant who walks in
voice of his servant who walks in darkness and has no light let him trust
darkness and has no light let him trust
darkness and has no light let him trust in the name of the Lord and rely upon
in the name of the Lord and rely upon
in the name of the Lord and rely upon his God look all you who Kindle a fire
his God look all you who Kindle a fire
his God look all you who Kindle a fire who encircled yourselves with sparks
who encircled yourselves with sparks
who encircled yourselves with sparks walk in the light of your fire and in
walk in the light of your fire and in
walk in the light of your fire and in the sparks you have kindled this you
the sparks you have kindled this you
the sparks you have kindled this you shall have from my hand
shall have from my hand
shall have from my hand you shall lie down in torment
[Music]
[Music] you